

roguelike:

the player is controlling a hero inside a dungeon. the dungeon map is created randomly with an exit which leads to the next level and
various things in the dungeon like enemies, treasurechests etc.
the player can use the 4 directionbuttons to move the hero 1 square in that direction or use one of his skills. every action is basicly one turn
and each turn the enemies act aswell.
inside the dungeon the hero can find items that he can equip like weapons, armor, and trinkets that grant various stats.
when the hero dies the player gets experience points based on the dungeonlevel reached that he can spent buing new traits for the next hero.
as soon as the player starts a new game a new hero is created with traits that are unlocked an choosen by the player.


hero stats:
-hp/maxhp				(life of the hero as soon as it reaches 0 the hero dies)
-armor					(armor reduces the dmg taken by physicaldmg)
-resistance				(resistance reduces the dmg taken by magical dmg)
-attackpower			(increases the physical dmg the hero does)
-spellpower				(increases the magical dmg the hero does)
-energy/max/reg/		(energy is required to use some skills)
-mana/max/reg/			(mana is required to use some skills)

[maybe: dodge, crit, vision range, ...]

special atributes on items:
items should be able to have special attributes e.g.: enemies take x damage when they dmg you / physical attack also deal x magic damage on hit /
aoe % or x dmg on hit /debuffs/poision etc


item slots:
helm, armor, pants, gloves, boots, trinkets*4, weapon*2

the hero can either wield 2 weapons, one weapon and a shield or one 2handed weapon
(stats have to be carefully chosen)

certain stats have different 'costs' on different items types.


maptiles:
attributes: walkable,seethrough,...
ground (gravel,grass,mud)
impassable (metal bars, water, lava,...)
tallgrass (grass, webs, fog,...)
wall (wall, statue, column, ...)


to determin:
-manareg vs healspell / maybe charges per dungeonlevel